Collect some small speedups (#33)
makhidkarun/traveller_pyroute: readme.md

=====================

PyRoute is a trade route generation program for Traveller. PyRoute has been ported to python3, there is a branch with 

> the python2 version.  The python3 branch needs Python 3.9+ (or PyPy 7.3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the python2 version (no longer maintained).  The released version requires Python 3.9+ (or PyPy 7.3).
```

Author: I think that last commit updates the readme as you suggested, @tjoneslo
